README.md, before:

# 🥚 aether

A simple multiegg that's highly configurable (in my opinion), ~~that's paid~~ all for free and open source!

aether is a multiegg designed to simply server management for hosting providers. Currently, it only supports Minecraft, but more may come soon.

> [!WARNING]  
> aether is still in it's early stages! right now, the Minecraft Proxies option is not assigned to anything, so it doesn't work anymore, and there may be more bugs that I didn't catch! if any bugs occur, please report it via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/issues/new), thanks! :3

## Features
there's not alot of impressive features, but some of them might be useful such as:
* built-in rules: when enabled, the first boot of a server will show them rules to comply with a confirmation
* set MCJars API Key: track some stats like the total requests, and even block some server software from there!
* forced MOTD: put your hosting name on their server's MOTD! this does not block plugins that interact with the MOTD such as [MiniMOTD](https://modrinth.com/plugin/minimotd) or [AdvancedServerList](https://modrinth.com/plugin/advancedserverlist)

any ideas you may wanna see? [create an issue!](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/issues/new)

## Installation
1. get the egg [here](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/blob/main/egg-aether.json) and download the json file
2. navigate to yourpanelurl.com/admin/nests and create a new nest (optional)
3. upload the json file to your newly created nest, or use a existing nest
4. check the startup tab! there might be features you may want enabled, such as the forced MOTD
4. ???
5. profit

## Contributors
wanna contribute? thanks! to start contributing, you have to [fork this repo](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/fork) and then [open a PR](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/compare).

<a href="https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=amogusreal69/aether" />
</a>

## Stargazers
<a href="https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/stargazers/">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="http://reporoster.com/stars/amogusreal69/aether">
    <img alt="stargazer-widget" src="http://reporoster.com/stars/dark/amogusreal69/aether">
  </picture>
</a>

## Roadmap
right now, this is what i'm planning to do:

- [ ] 💾 decrease docker image size (current is ~250mb)
- [ ] 🤖 maybe setup bot languages? might take alot of space tho
- [ ] ❓ organize the functions of the egg, current egg is kinda hard to understand in my opinion
- [ ] ⌨️ don't make the startup tab filled with admin only variables, maybe like a .json file that people can host themselves?
- [ ] 🔒 lock server softwares that hostings may not need
- [ ] ➕ enable ability to change rules

## Credits
this project wouldn't have been possible without theses projects:\
Primectyl (closed src): provided some bases of how software install works, basically what inspired me to make my own multiegg\
[Pterodactyl](https://pterodactyl.io/): the game panel everyone loves! it is a free, open-source game server management panel built with PHP, React, and Go.\
[MCJars](https://mcjars.app): the place where we get the server.jar's, i love the service\
and some that i forgot! my bad :(

## Licensing
aether is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

add testing script and instructions

README.md, after:

# 🥚 aether

A simple multiegg that's highly configurable (in my opinion), ~~that's paid~~ all for free and open source!

aether is a multiegg designed to simply server management for hosting providers. Currently, it only supports Minecraft, but more may come soon.

> [!WARNING]  
> aether is still in it's early stages! right now, the Minecraft Proxies option is not assigned to anything, so it doesn't work anymore, and there may be more bugs that I didn't catch! if any bugs occur, please report it via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/issues/new), thanks! :3

## Features
there's not alot of impressive features, but some of them might be useful such as:
* built-in rules: when enabled, the first boot of a server will show them rules to comply with a confirmation
* set MCJars API Key: track some stats like the total requests, and even block some server software from there!
* forced MOTD: put your hosting name on their server's MOTD! this does not block plugins that interact with the MOTD such as [MiniMOTD](https://modrinth.com/plugin/minimotd) or [AdvancedServerList](https://modrinth.com/plugin/advancedserverlist)

any ideas you may wanna see? [create an issue!](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/issues/new)

## Installation
1. get the egg [here](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/blob/main/egg-aether.json) and download the json file
2. navigate to yourpanelurl.com/admin/nests and create a new nest (optional)
3. upload the json file to your newly created nest, or use a existing nest
4. check the startup tab! there might be features you may want enabled, such as the forced MOTD
4. ???
5. profit

## Testing
need to test aether without having to manually add the egg? there is a directory named [`📂 /testing`](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/tree/main/testing) for testing the egg on a Ubuntu environment. check it out i guess?

## Contributors
wanna contribute? thanks! to start contributing, you have to [fork this repo](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/fork) and then [open a PR](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/compare).

<a href="https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=amogusreal69/aether" />
</a>

## Stargazers
<a href="https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/stargazers/">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="http://reporoster.com/stars/amogusreal69/aether">
    <img alt="stargazer-widget" src="http://reporoster.com/stars/dark/amogusreal69/aether">
  </picture>
</a>

## Roadmap
right now, this is what i'm planning to do:

- [ ] 💾 decrease docker image size (current is ~250mb)
- [ ] 🤖 maybe setup bot languages? might take alot of space tho
- [ ] ❓ organize the functions of the egg, current egg is kinda hard to understand in my opinion
- [ ] ⌨️ don't make the startup tab filled with admin only variables, maybe like a .json file that people can host themselves?
- [ ] 🔒 lock server softwares that hostings may not need
- [ ] ➕ enable ability to change rules

## Credits
this project wouldn't have been possible without theses projects:\
Primectyl (closed src): provided some bases of how software install works, basically what inspired me to make my own multiegg\
[Pterodactyl](https://pterodactyl.io/): the game panel everyone loves! it is a free, open-source game server management panel built with PHP, React, and Go.\
[MCJars](https://mcjars.app): the place where we get the server.jar's, i love the service\
and some that i forgot! my bad :(

## Licensing
aether is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/amogusreal69/aether/blob/main/LICENSE)
